Source Article(s):

# Rahul stormed into the room and shouted at Sonia Gandhi in my father's presence: Goa minister's big charge

Published Date: Tuesday September 09, 2025

Hitting out at Rahul Gandhi, the Goa health minister said that those who cannot respect their own mother can never respect Mother India.

Goa health minister and former Congress leader Vishwajit Rane made a startling revelation about Rahul Gandhi's disrespectful behaviour towards his mother Sonia Gandhi. According to Rane, the Congress MP once stormed into a room and started shouting at his mother.

"My father (former Goa CM Pratapsingh Rane) witnessed how Rahul Gandhi used to scream at 'madam' (Sonia Gandhi). I am making a controversial statement but my father was present when Rahul shouted at his mother," Rane said in a podcast interview. The clip was shared on X by BJP leader Amit Malviya.

Hitting out at Rahul Gandhi, the Goa health minister said that those who cannot respect their own mother can never respect Mother India. "A person who doesn't even respect his mother, how can we expect him to respect mother India? We never do such things (screaming at parents or elderly)," he said.

Rane shared in the podcast how shocked his father was upon seeing Rahul scream at his mother in his presence. "When my father returned home, he told us that he's never seen Rahul Gandhi behave like that. It was the first time he saw someone scream like that at their mother ...," he told in the interview.

Quoting his father, the Goa minister said, "I don't know what is wrong with this boy (Rahul Gandhi). He doesn't have manners ... He doesn't have control over ... It's not a good thing".

When the host said that Rahul Gandhi is seen treating his mother with utmost respect at social gatherings, Rane promptly replied, "Respecting publicly and respecting at home are two different things."

The Goa minister's claims come days after Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched a scathing attack at Rahul Gandhi and Congress party over remarks on his late mother Heeraben Modi. The controversy stems from an incident that occurred in Bihar's Darbhanga during Rahul Gandhi's Voter Adhikar Yatra. A video that went viral showed a group of youngsters screaming abusive words against the Prime Minister along with derogatory references to his deceased mother.