Source Article(s):

# 2 sons of late Army subedar die of drug overdose, his eldest son had met the same fate years ago

Published Date: Tuesday September 09, 2025

Dubbing the government's “drug-free Punjab” claim “false”, Devi Kumari, a relative of the victims, said, “Both brothers died due to drug overdose. Since the Aam Aadmi Party government took office, drugs and lawlessness have increased.

Anguished relatives and neighbours, however, alleged that 'chitta' (heroin) was “being supplied openly in the area, with the local law enforcement agencies lying ineffectively”.

Two adult children of a former Army Subedar died of suspected drug overdose in Jamarai village of Tarn Taran district late Sunday night. The eldest son of Army Subedar Lakhbir Singh, who died last year, had met the same fate years ago — a drug overdose claimed his life.

DSP Atul Soni said, “A video in circulation indicated that two brothers Malkeet and Gurpreet Singh were involved with narcotics and self-use. They were on injectable narcotics for over a year, and then shifted to pills when they couldn’t get access to narcotics injections. They allegedly doubled their dose, which led to their death.”

“According to their relative, narcotic suppliers would arrive from nearby Tur village on a scooter. Earlier, raids were conducted in the Tur-Peer area, following cases filed. We will verify identity, obtain phone numbers, and make arrests,” the DSP said.

Anguished relatives and neighbours, however, alleged that ‘chitta’ (heroin) was “being supplied openly in the area, with the local law enforcement agencies lying ineffectively”.

“Someone from Tur village brought ‘chitta’ worth Rs 10,000 to our home at night. They used it around 1 am,” grieving mother Ranjit Kaur said. “The government keeps their eyes shut while drugs are being openly sold, even at bus stands and bridges. Gurpreet was married and has two little daughters aged seven and five.”

“Police don’t catch peddlers. Even if they do, village office-bearers get them released,” the mother alleged.

Dubbing the government’s “drug-free Punjab” claim “false”, Devi Kumari, a relative of the victims, said, “Both brothers died due to drug overdose. Since the Aam Aadmi Party government took office, drugs and lawlessness have increased. We have submitted lists about villages, where drugs are being sold, and complaints from our neighbourhood, to the Tarn Taran SSP multiple times, but no action was taken.”

Devi added, “The family lost three brothers to drugs and has no breadwinner left. Two little children are now without any support.”

Parmjit Singh, a resident whose wife is the sitting sarpanch, said, “All three brothers in this family have died due to drugs. We want real action, not speeches… Open supply continues.”

Parmjit terms the state government’s drug-free Punjab claim “false”, stating that “supply continues openly”.

The victims’ family members alleged, “Drug seizures are rare and temporary, while illegal distillation and open trafficking continue unabated.”

“Sons are dying, but no action is being taken,” the mother said, alleging, “Police register minor drinking cases or send people to de-addiction centres, but real suppliers move scot-free.”

“Since two small daughters have no breadwinner left for their survival and upbringing, we demand an immediate crackdown on drug traffickers and smugglers so that no other family suffers,” relatives said.