Source Article(s):

# The Bengal Files Actress Anubha Arora Says ‘Hate Is Valid And Acceptable Only If...’ – EXCLUSIVE

Published Date: Tuesday September 09, 2025

In an exclusive interaction with Zoom, The Bengal Files actress Anubha Arora opened up about hatred that the film received from the people of West Bengal. Read full story to know more.

The Bengal Files has been released on September 5, 2025, in theatres and flopped at the box office. It has to be noted that the Mithun Chakraborty-starrer didn’t release in West Bengal due to its sensitive topic. Anubha Arora, who played an important role in the Vivek Agnihotri-directed film, has exclusively told Zoom about the hatred for The Bengal Files. She even spoke about her character and her preparations for it. Excerpts-

Anubha Arora On Protest Against The Bengal Files. (Credit: Instagran)

Tell us about your role in The Bengal Files.

I am playing Gauri, who is a young journalist. She is a breath of fresh air in this dark world. Helpless yet strong and militant. The injustice of the world suffocates her, and all she wishes for is the world to be peaceful and kind.

How did you bag the film, and how did you prepare for it?

I got selected through a round of auditions. I prepared by preparing an emotional journey for Gauri and her belief system. I further observed the mannerisms of journalists around me to make it more raw and human. I borrowed my friend’s camera and studied its functioning to wear the skin of my character.

The film has been receiving hatred in West Bengal due to the sensitive topic. What do you want to say about it?

I feel hate is valid and acceptable only if you’ve watched the film. We cannot judge the book by its cover.

Did you ever feel intimidated by Mithun Chakraborty, Pallavi Joshi, Anupam Kher and others while doing the film?

I did feel intimidated in the beginning. But all of them were so welcoming that after a day or two, I felt like a part of them.

Tell us about the challenging part of the film.

The emotional buildup Gauri was quite challenging, especially because one of the most heart wrenching scenes (the last scene for Gauri) was shot in two days. So to keep that buildup going for two days and releasing it after packing up and building it again was a great learning experience and a challenge for me.

Lastly, why should people watch The Bengal Files in the theatre?

It’s a cinematic masterpiece. You cannot feel the depth of the film that the background score, the shots, the performances and the direction bring to the film without watching it in theatres.

Talking about The Bengal Files, the film also stars Mithun Chakraborty, Pallavi Joshi, Anupam Kher, Darshan Kumaar and others in key roles.