Source Article(s):

# 'I don't have any regrets': Konstas has message for critics as the Test opener makes key tweak before Ashes

Published Date: Tuesday September 09, 2025

Sam Konstas doesn’t care for regrets or critics.

And by putting himself on a self-imposed social media ban, the teenager hunting an opening spot in a home Ashes series has ensured he will hear as little of the latter as possible.

The 19-year-old is set to play two four-day matches in India for Australia A before targeting four Sheffield Shield games for NSW with a goal of finding the red-ball form that eluded him on a tough tour of the West Indies.

Whatever happens in the next two months, you can be sure the charismatic young gun won’t be giving two hoots over what outsiders say about his approach.

Konstas dazzled the cricket world on Boxing Day last year against India on Test debut with a flamboyant and audacious 60 off 65 balls. Critics said he would not be able to play that way on a regular basis and succeed.

Runs have since proven elusive and Konstas did not pass 25 in his next nine Test innings.

He is competing with a plethora of candidates to partner Usman Khawaja for the opening Ashes Test in Perth but has not regrets about his approach on debut against Jasprit Bumrah and company.

“I wouldn’t change it,” Konstas told AAP.

“I don’t have any regrets in my life to be honest. I thought that was the right method at the time and it paid off.

“I don’t get too fixated about what others say. Whatever I feel is right I totally commit to.

“My method is someone who is an aggressive batsman that likes to take on the game, while understanding the game situation when I do play well.

“It is about trying to score runs and win games.

“The more experiences I have in different conditions the more I will adapt. I have to find my method and what works best in each situation.”

What also works best for Konstas is not having social media. He went from a relative unknown to a global attraction overnight with 281,000 followers on Instagram.

Watching the ball and not his phone screen is now the focus.

“I never had social media until I was 18. I had it for a year and now I have taken a break from it to be more present and try and get back in the Ashes squad,” Konstas said.

“It is just about focusing on myself and trying to give it a good crack.

“Everyone uses social media differently but I feel now is the right time to get off it. I don’t read my comments on Instagram. I don’t care what other people say to be honest but everyone has their opinion.”

Konstas heads to India with confidence and valuable lessons already under his belt.

“I’ve had a few experiences in the subcontinent,” Konstas said.

“I was lucky enough to be in the MRF Academy last year and to tour Sri Lanka as well with the Aussie boys. Hopefully I can score plenty of runs and adapt to those conditions.

“It is about trying to be in the present moment with any game I play whether it be my club team, NSW or Australia A ahead of the Ashes.

“I got so much out of my first time in the Caribbean and facing a quality fast attack. The wickets were tough to bat on.

“For me it was about trying to find methods for scoring runs in those conditions and understanding the bounce is variable and trying to find another method, if I do go again.”